Add Contextual VideoCard and VideoThumbnail components (#2725)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/VideoThumbnail/README.md

---
name: Video thumbnail
category: Images and icons
keywords:
  - video
  - VideoThumbnail
  - updates
  - new features
  - video thumbnail
  - feature thumbnail
  - education
  - contextual learning system
---

# Video thumbnail

Video thumbnails provide consistent controls for video cards in the contextual learning system. When clicked, conditionally present a video player in the format of your choice. For example, within a modal or a full screen container.

---

## Best practices

- Use a thumbnail that helps to communicate the subject of the video or merchant benefit

---

## Content guidelines

### Thumbnail image

Thumbnail image should be:

- Relevant: should describe the video through the use of images or be an image of a section in the video
- Follow the 16:9 ratio, otherwise the image may appear cropped
- Avoid cropping the person’s head if the thumbnail shows a person

<!-- usagelist -->

#### Do

Have an image with a non-cropped head, clean aesthetic that matches shopify brand and is descriptive
of content

#### Don’t

Use a random, unintentional, blurry screenshot from the video

#### Do

Include a video timestamp

#### Don’t

Omit the timestamp

<!-- end -->

> ---

Reviewer: These guidelines are more fitting as best practices since the component doesn't comprise any content aside from the `accessibilityLabel` for the play button, which is covered in the `Accessibility` section.

```suggestion
```

---
name: Video thumbnail

> category: Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
category: Images and icons
```

keywords:

>   - Videothumbnail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - VideoThumbnail
```

>   - actionable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - updates
  - new features
  - video thumbnail
  - feature thumbnail
  - video thumbnail url
  - video thumbnail length
  - video thumbnail accessibility label

>   - video thumbnail onClick

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

# Video thumbnail

The Video thumbnail is used to surface a thumbnail image, play button icon, and timestamp for a
contextual video in the contextual learning system. This component is used when an implementer decides
that they would like to have a thumbnail visible to the user, and only when the user clicks the play button,

> then they will surface their video player of choice in the format that they desire (modal, separate div, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video thumbnails provide consistent labeling and controls for video cards in the contextual learning system. When a video thumbnail is clicked, render a video player in the presentation of your choice. For example, within a modal or a full screen container.
```

---

## Best practices

> - Use a thumbnail that helps to communicate the subject of the video or merchant benefit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use an image communicates the subject of the video or merchant benefit
```
